[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[scraping]
[squish]
[sizzling]
[crunching]
[scraping]
(Dexter)
PREVIOUSLY ON DEXTER...
I'M PREGNANT.
(Dexter)
I JUST THINK I'M GONNA
BE A LOUSY FATHER.
I DON'T WANNA
SCREW THE KID UP.
(Debra)
WHO ARE WE KIDDING?
YOU'RE GONNA BE A GREAT FATHER.
THE OSCAR PRADO CASE?
FREEBO KILLED
A SENIOR A.D.A.'s BROTHER.
(Dexter)
EXCEPT HE DIDN'T KILL OSCAR.
I DID.
DEXTER, I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU OFFICIALLY GOT TO MEET
MY OTHER BROTHER, RAMON.
SO YOU'RE THE GUY
THAT MIGUEL
IS ALWAYS TALKING ABOUT?
OH.
WHAT DO YOU HAVE
ON FREEBO, MARIA?
RAMON.
WELL, WE'RE WORKING
ON SOME NEW ANGLES.
WHICH MEANS
YOU'VE GOT SHIT.
EXCUSE US.
FREEBO'S STILL
OUT THERE KILLING.
WE GOTTA CATCH HIM FAST.
HOLY SHIT,
THAT'S MY JANE DOE.
TEEGAN CAMPBELL.
(Laguerta)
I WAS JUST TELLING MIGUEL
HOW WE WEREN'T GIVING UP
ON FREEBO.
NOW I HAVE TO CALL HIM
AND TELL HIM
THAT HE'S PROBABLY RIGHT.
FREEBO'S PROBABLY LONG GONE,
AND HE DIDN'T
KILL TEEGAN.
LOOKS THAT WAY.
YUKI AMADO,
INTERNAL AFFAIRS.
DO YOU KNOW
A JOEY QUINN?
BE REALLY COOL IF YOU COULD
GET NEXT TO HIM.
YOU KNOW,
DO A LITTLE RECON.
YUKI, THAT'S NOT
GONNA HAPPEN.
IF YOU LIGHT THAT,
I'LL ARREST YOU.
I TOLD YOU
NOT TO FUCKING DO IT!
WHY THE FUCK DID YOU
LOCK UP MY C.I.?
WHY DO YOU KEEP CALLING HIM
YOUR  C.I.?
IS THERE SOMETHING
YOU'RE NOT TELLING US?
(Laguerta)
WHAT HAPPENED WITH
THE WITNESS I GAVE YOU?
I THOUGHT HE HAD INFORMATION
THAT EXONERATED CHICKY HINES.
I REVIEWED HIS STATEMENT.
IT JUST DIDN'T ADD UP.
ANTON, I FEEL NOT GOOD
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED.
I FEEL NOT GOOD TOO.
(Miguel)
THIS IS THE SHIRT
I WAS WEARING
WHEN FREEBO MET HIS END.
THAT'S HIS BLOOD
RIGHT THERE.
THIS SHIRT IMPLICATES ME
IN HIS DEATH.
I TRUST YOU,
AND I WANT YOU TO TRUST ME.
(Dexter)
IS IT POSSIBLE
I'VE ACTUALLY MADE A FRIEND,
SOMEONE I CAN TRUST
WITH MY DARK SECRETS?
OR AM I BEING FOOLISH FOR EVEN
ASKING MYSELF THESE QUESTIONS?
[children giggling]
ROLE PLAYING.
IT'S SUCH AN IMPORTANT PART
OF GROWING UP.
WHEN WE WERE KIDS,
WHATEVER ROLE DEB ASSIGNED ME--
EVIL MONSTER, TREACHEROUS NAZI,
HORRIBLE ALIEN--
I PLAYED THEM TO PERFECTION.
WE SHOULD TELL THEM.
ABOUT THE BABY?
I DON'T WANT THEM
TO HEAR IT FROM SOMEBODY ELSE.
OKAY.
UM...
KIDS.
DEXTER AND I HAVE SOMETHING
WE WANT TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT.
WHAT?
WE'RE HAVING A BABY.
UM...
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
A NEW LITTLE BROTHER
OR LITTLE SISTER
TO PLAY WITH.
WHICH ONE?
WHICH ONE
WOULD YOU LIKE?
A PUPPY.
YOU CAN HAVE A PUPPY
AND A BABY.
BUT YOU'RE NOT EVEN MARRIED.
NO, NO, WE'RE NOT.
WHY NOT?
I...NEVER REALLY
THOUGHT ABOUT IT.
YOU KNOW,
I'M GONNA GRAB THE POTATO SALAD
SO I DON'T FORGET.
FAMILY MAN.
HUSBAND AND FATHER.
SOUNDS SO UPSTANDING.
HARMLESS.
MUCH BETTER THAN
LIVES-ALONE-KEEPS-TO-HIMSELF.
SHOULD WE?
I MEAN, IT'S NOT
THE WORST IDEA IN THE WORLD.
SHOULD WE WHAT?
GET MARRIED.
DEX.
YEAH, COOL.
YOU'D BE MY DAD.
[nervous sigh]
LOOK, THIS IS NOT SOMETHING
WE'RE GONNA DECIDE TODAY.
GO GET YOUR STUFF TOGETHER.
WE DON'T WANNA BE LATE
FOR THE PRADOS.
DEX.
THAT WAS RIDICULOUS.
THE ONLY ROLES I HAD TROUBLE
WITH WERE GOOD GUYS--
HEROES,
KNIGHTS IN SHINING ARMOR.
IT JUST NEVER FELT RIGHT.
NOT NOW.
PLEASE, MIGUEL,
LISTEN TO ME.
[whispering]
(Miguel)
YOU CAN HANDLE THIS, RAMON.
OKAY, LET ME HELP YOU.
OH, NO NEED.
PAPER PLATES
GO RIGHT INTO THE GARBAGE.
AND WE'LL BE BACK
WITH DESSERT.
THANK YOU.
I'M GOING.
PLEASE, I REALLY WANT YOU
TO STAY.
HEY, EASY.
I MEAN IT, DEXTER,
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
PROPOSING TO ME LIKE THAT?
OH.
SORRY.
WITH THE BABY AND ALL,
IT JUST MADE SENSE.
PEOPLE DON'T GET MARRIED
BECAUSE IT MAKES SENSE.
THEY DON'T?
WOULD YOU HAVE
ASKED ME TO MARRY YOU
IF I WASN'T PREGNANT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I MARRIED PAUL
BECAUSE I WAS PREGNANT.
AND I WON'T MARRY AGAIN
UNLESS IT'S BECAUSE
SOMEONE LOVES ME.
I UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU FEEL THAT WAY.
BEING A FATHER
AND BEING A HUSBAND
ARE TWO
VERY DIFFERENT THINGS.
YOU DON'T
HAVE TO BE BOTH.
I DON'T WANT BOTH
UNLESS IT'S REAL.
REAL.
HOW DO YOU
SHOW SOMEONE REAL LOVE
WHEN YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT IT FEELS LIKE?
(Miguel)
DON'T LEAVE, RAMON.
IT'S JUST
ANOTHER EMPTY LEAD,
ANOTHER WORTHLESS TIP.
AND I'M GONNA
KEEP CHASING THEM
UNTIL I FIND THE ONE
THAT LEADS TO MY BRO--
OUR  BROTHER'S KILLER, OKAY?
STAY, RAMON.
COME ON, FOR YOUR FAMILY.
HOW 'BOUT I GO
FOR MY FAMILY?
RAMON, NO.
I HAVE TO GO.
NO.
SARA.
I GOT HIM.
RAMON.
COME HERE.
EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
HE'S OBSESSED.
HE'S DRINKING
MORE THAN USUAL.
HE'S NOT GOING TO STOP LOOKING
FOR OSCAR'S KILLER
UNTIL IT TAKES HIM
ALL THE WAY DOWN.
GRIEF HITS SOME
HARDER THAN OTHERS.
YOU KNOW, WE COULD
HELP RAMON FIND PEACE
IF WE TOLD HIM
OSCAR'S KILLER WAS DEAD.
IF WE TOLD HIM,
THEN HE'D KNOW.
RAMON AND I HAVE SHARED
AND HAVE KEPT
EACH OTHER'S SECRETS
ALL OF OUR LIVES.
IT'S NOT JUST YOUR SECRET.
WHICH IS WHY
I'M ASKING YOU.
MIGUEL, HE SEEMS UNSTABLE.
HE'S TROUBLED.
HE HAS A TEMPER.
HE'S MY BROTHER.
I CAN HELP HIM.
(Carlos)
YOU'RE IT!
HE NEEDS TO KNOW
THAT FREEBO'S DEAD.
IT'S A BIG BURDEN.
NOT EVERYBODY CAN HANDLE
A SECRET LIKE THAT.
YOU'RE UNCOMFORTABLE
ENOUGH WITH ME KNOWING.
TRUSTING MY BROTHER IS JUST--
IT'S TOO MUCH RIGHT NOW.
I GET IT.
ACTUALLY, YOU DO.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
RAMON, HE'LL CALM DOWN
EVENTUALLY.
NOT A CHANCE.
THIS WON'T GO AWAY.
MIGUEL CAN'T SEE WHAT
A LOOSE CANNON HIS BROTHER IS.
HE MIGHT NEED
SOME PERSPECTIVE.
UNCLE MIGUEL, ASTOR WON'T
LET ME PLAY IN THE CABIN.
(Dexter)
DON'T WORRY, BUDDY.
I'LL TALK TO HER.
ASTOR, CARLOS WANTS
TO PLAY IN THE CABIN NOW.
SO?
SO SHARING
IS ONE OF THE RULES.
WHOSE RULE?
YOU'RE NOT MY FATHER.
ASTOR!
APOLOGIZE TO DEXTER.
THINK SHE'S REACTING
TO MY BOTCHED PROPOSAL?
SHE'S SO CONCERNED
ABOUT US NOT BEING MARRIED.
I DON'T THINK
IT'S JUST THE MARRIAGE.
IT'S THE NEW BABY.
SHE'S AFRAID SHE'S NOT GONNA
BE SPECIAL ANYMORE.
WOW, YOU'RE GOOD.
I KNOW MY DAUGHTER.
SHE JUST NEEDS
SOME ATTENTION,
SOME REASSURANCE.
ASTOR!
(Dexter)
ASTOR IS AUDITIONING
VARIOUS ROLES--
WOUNDED CHILD,
SULLEN PRE-TEEN,
OPPRESSED YOUTH--
FINDING OUT
WHO SHE WANTS TO PLAY.
DRAMATIC EXIT
STAGE LEFT.
I CAN'T FORCE MY WAY
INTO RITA'S LIFE,
ANY MORE THAN
I CAN FORCE MIGUEL
TO TRUST ME
OVER HIS OWN BROTHER.
I NEED TO TAKE
A CUE FROM ASTOR,
GET THEIR ATTENTION.
BUT FIRST THINGS FIRST.
I DO HAVE A DAY JOB.
[shutter clicking]
(Dexter)
THAT'S WHAT
REAL LOVE LOOKS LIKE.
WELL, REAL LOVE
PLUS LOSS.
IS THAT WHAT RITA
NEEDS TO SEE IN ME?
COULD BE A PROBLEM.
THAT THE FIANCEE?
NOT ANYMORE.
THAT'S FIONA KEMP.
SHE CAME TO MEET THE VIC
FOR A MOVIE.
SHE SAW THE ASSAILANT.
HE KNOCKED HER OVER
AS HE FLED.
THAT'S HOW SHE GOT
THE BUM KNEE.
HER DESCRIPTION
FITS THE ONE WE'VE GOT
IN A SERIES OF BREAK-INS
IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
SAME M.O. TOO.
BACK DOOR CROWBARRED OPEN.
WE COULD BARELY GET HER
TO LET GO OF HIM.
[cell phone vibrates]
DEB, YOUR BUTT'S BUZZING.
CHRIST.
[beep]
QUINN HERE YET?
YEAH, I JUST SAW HIM
PULL UP.
JESUS, YOU SHOULD HAVE
BEAT ME HERE DRIVING THIS THING.
I GOT STUCK ON THE CAUSEWAY
BEHIND A STALLED CAR.
I KNOW YOU EARN MORE
WITH A SHIELD, BUT COME ON.
GOT A GREAT LEASE IS ALL.
WHAT DO WE GOT?
JACK RICE, 34.
HIS HEAD'S CAVED IN.
LOOKS LIKE A "B" AND "E"
GONE SIDEWAYS.
A BUNCH OF PRIORS
IN THE AREA.
WITNESSES?
JUST ONE.
JACK TOOK THE DAY OFF
TO SEE A MATINEE WITH ME.
A ROMANTIC COMEDY.
HE CALLS THEM CHICK FLICKS,
BUT HE KNOWS
THEY MAKE ME HAPPY, SO...
I'M SURE
HE WAS A GREAT GUY.
BUT THE MAN YOU SAW FLEEING,
HE WAS ABOUT SIX-FOOT,
YOU SAID?
AND I MET JACK
AT THE COFFEE PLACE
WHERE I WORK.
WHEN HE CAME IN,
SOMETHING INSIDE OF ME
JUST RECOGNIZED HIM,
EVEN THOUGH
WE'D NEVER MET.
HAVE YOU EVER
FELT THAT WAY BEFORE?
TOO MANY TIMES.
WE CAN LOOK
AT SOME MUG SHOTS.
MAYBE DESCRIBE
THE MAN YOU SAW
TO A SKETCH ARTIST.
A WHAT?
I-I'M STAYING WITH JACK.
JACK HAS TO GO
TO THE MORGUE.
FORENSICS IS GONNA
NEED HER CLOTHES.
WELL, WHY DON'T
YOU TELL HER?
YOU CAN'T TAKE THAT.
IT'S HIS FAVORITE CAP.
MA'AM THE CAP NEEDS
TO COME WITH ME.
UH-UH.
SORRY, FIONA.
WE'LL GIVE IT BACK
TO YOU WHEN WE'RE DONE.
YOU WON'T.
HEY, LOOK AT ME.
COME ON, RIGHT HERE.
I'M TELLING YOU
THAT I, JOSEPH QUINN,
WILL PERSONALLY MAKE SURE
THAT HAT COMES BACK TO YOU
UNHARMED.
HE'S GOOD.
WHO KNEW?
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE
YOU WANT TO KEEP OF JACK'S?
MAYBE ONE OF HIS SHIRTS?
COME ON.
HE'S LIKE THE FUCKING
WITNESS WHISPERER.
(Dexter)
MAYBE HE SHOULD PROPOSE
TO RITA FOR ME.
ASTOR, THAT'S SO UNFAIR.
YOU'RE MY LITTLE GIRL,
AND YOU ALWAYS WILL BE.
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
[knocking at door]
(woman)
RITA, YOU IN THERE?
YEAH, JUST ONE SECOND.
ASTOR, I ASKED YOU
A QUESTION.
LOOK, WHETHER DEXTER
AND I GET MARRIED
IS BETWEEN HIM AND ME.
YOU AND I,
WE HAVE TO WORK
ON BEING KINDER
WITH EACH OTHER.
DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN HELP ME WITH THAT?
PLEASE?
[pounding on door]
RITA, WE NEED YOU
OUT HERE.
LOOK, I'VE GOTTA
GET BACK TO WORK.
WE'RE GONNA TALK
ABOUT THIS TONIGHT, OKAY?
ALL RIGHT.
WE NEED TO SWITCH ROOMS.
WE WERE EXPECTING
TO WATCH THE SUN SET
FROM OUR HONEYMOON SUITE,
BECAUSE, OBVIOUSLY,
WE'RE ON OUR HONEYMOON.
BUT WE COULDN'T
SEE ANYTHING.
RIGHT, UH...
WELL, THE SUN
SETS IN THE WEST.
AND MIAMI IS ON
THE EAST COAST OF FLORIDA,
SO THERE'S REALLY
NOTHING WE CAN--
THE BROCHURE SAID,
"WATCH THE SUN SET
OVER THE OCEAN."
DIDN'T IT, HONEY?
IT MAY HAVE SAID
"SUN RISE."
WE WANT YOUR BEST ROOM.
THE HONEYMOON SUITE
IS OUR BEST ROOM.
THERE'S ALWAYS
A BETTER ROOM.
LOOK, I'M SORRY.
PERHAPS I CAN OFFER YOU
A COMPLIMENTARY BREAKFAST.
I WANT A HIGHER FLOOR,
A BETTER VIEW,
AND BETTER LIGHTING.
IT WAS WAY TOO DARK IN THERE
WITH THE CURTAINS CLOSED.
HOW 'BOUT
A ONE HOUR SPA TREATMENT?
I WANT A BETTER ROOM.
ALL RIGHT,
WE DON'T HAVE A BETTER ROOM
UNLESS YOU BUILD ONE,
AND BEING A BITCH
ISN'T GONNA CHANGE THAT.
RITA.
EXCUSE ME.
I'LL BE RIGHT WITH YOU.
WE CAN'T HAVE
THIS CONVERSATION AGAIN.
I KNOW.
I'M SORRY.
THIS IS THE SECOND TIME
THIS WEEK.
PLUS, YOU'RE ALWAYS ON A BREAK
OR CALLING IN SICK.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON,
BUT, HONESTLY,
IT'S ALWAYS SOMETHING.
AND NOW I HAVE TO COMP
THE HONEYMOON SUITE.
I'M REALLY SORRY,
BUT I JUST CAN'T AFFORD
TO EMPLOY YOU ANYMORE.
NOW, HOW CAN WE
MAKE THIS RIGHT?
(Dexter)
SOME PEOPLE
ARE TICKING TIME BOMBS.
RAMON IS ONE OF THEM.
AND MIGUEL NEEDS
TO SEE HIM EXPLODE.
THE INCITER,
THAT'S A ROLE
I'VE ALWAYS BEEN GOOD AT.
PICK-UP FOR MORGAN.
RAMON.
HEY, HOW YOU DOING?
DEXTER.
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
MIGUEL SAID YOU TWO CAME HERE.
IT'S YOUR SECRET SPOT,
RIGHT?
NOT ANYMORE.
OH, DON'T WORRY.
I'LL KEEP IT
BETWEEN THE THREE OF US.
JEFE,  ANOTHER RUM AND COKE.
OH, AND COULD I GET
SOME EXTRA PICKLES?
HEY, SORRY ABOUT THE WAY
ASR TREATED LITTLE CARLOS
YESTERDAY.
OH, RIGHT, YOU LEFT.
IT WAS A MINOR TURF WAR.
DON'T WORRY,
I WATCHED OUT FOR HIM.
CARLOS IS A TOUGH KID.
HE CAN HOLD HIS OWN.
YEAH, I'M SURE.
SURE YOU WANT
TO BE DRINKING THAT?
IF I WASN'T SURE,
I WOULDN'T DRINK IT.
IT'S JUST...
YOU KNOW,
MIGUEL'S WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
NO OFFENSE, DEXTER,
BUT IF MIGUEL
HAS A PROBLEM WITH ME
HE WILL TELL ME HIMSELF.
RIGHT.
I MEAN,
HE SAID HE DID.
BUT, YEAH, HE WILL AGAIN
IF HE NEEDS TO.
WHAT GOES ON BETWEEN
ME AND MY BROTHER
IS BETWEEN
ME AND MY BROTHER.
ABSOLUTELY.
I JUST HAPPENED
TO BE THERE
WHEN MIGUEL NEEDED
SOMEONE TO TALK TO.
SINCE I'VE
BEEN THROUGH IT TOO.
MY MOTHER WAS KILLED
WHEN I WAS A KID.
I'M SORRY.
SO I KNOW
HOW IT FEELS.
HA.
BUT IT GETS EASIER.
HMM.
LIKE MIGUEL SAID,
WHEN HE ACCEPTED HIS LOSS
AND FOUND CLOSURE,
HE MOVED ON.
HEY!
NOBODY IS ACCEPTING ANYTHING.
OKAY?
AND WHEN YOUR
HOMICIDE DEPARTMENT
GETS OFF ITS ASS AND STARTS
DOING ITS FUCKING JOB,
MAYBE THEN ME AND MY BROTHER
WILL MOVE ON.
EXTRA PICKLES.
THANKS.
I MUST HAVE MISINTERPRETED
WHAT HE SAID.
YEAH.
YOU DID.
WELL, ENJOY YOUR DINNER.
AND TELL CARLOS
I SAID HOWDY.
[knock on door]
I KNEW I'D FIND YOU
STILL HERE.
NO REST FOR THE WICKED.
WHAT BRINGS YOU
TO THESE PARTS?
UH, I WANTED TO ASK YOU
ABOUT CHICKY HINES.
AGAIN?
I GOT A WITNESS
WHO CAN PROVIDE
AN ALIBI FOR HINES.
IT CHECKS OUT.
I TOLD YOU
I REVIEWED HIS STATEMENT.
BUT YOU NEVER TALKED TO HIM.
OH, COME ON, MARIA.
YOUR WITNESS
IS A HABITUAL CRIMINAL
WHO'S JUST TRYING TO BEAT
HIS LATEST DRUG RAP.
YEAH, BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
IT ISN'T TRUE.
AND HE CAN CLEAR HINES.
HAVE YOU EVEN MET
CHICKY HINES?
I MEAN HAVE--
HAVE YOU READ HIS JACKET?
BECAUSE IT'S--
HINES DIDN'T DO
THIS CRIME.
OKAY.
WHAT'S THIS REALLY ABOUT?
AN INNOCENT MAN
BEHIND BARS.
MAYBE.
MAYBE THERE'S
SOMETHING ELSE AT PLAY.
ACCEPTING THE TRUTH
ABOUT JAMES DOAKES,
THAT WAS HARD
FOR ALL OF US.
WOW.
I WASN'T EXPECTING THAT.
I KNOW.
LOOK, I SHOULDN'T EVEN
HAVE MENTIONED IT.
BUT, COME ON,
HE WAS YOUR PARTNER.
HE'S YOUR FRIEND.
MAYBE YOU THINK
HE WAS RAILROADED,
I DON'T KNOW.
AND MAYBE THAT'S COLORING
HOW YOU'RE SEEING HINES.
I'LL ADMIT
IT WAS HARD.
BUT YOU KNOW ME,
YOU KNOW I'M A PRO.
I ALSO KNOW YOU'RE HUMAN
LIKE THE REST OF US.
I'M JUST PUTTING THAT OUT THERE
BECAUSE WE'RE FRIENDS.
THE FIANCEE'S WORKING
WITH A SKETCH ARTIST NOW.
SO FAR IT MATCHES
WHAT THE BURGLARY DIVISION
ALREADY HAS
ON THE BREAK-INS,
SO SHE'S NOT GIVING US ANYTHING
WE DON'T ALREADY HAVE.
YEAH, EXCEPT FOR MORE STORIES
ABOUT HOW PERFECT
HER DEAD FIANCE WAS.
HEY, IT'S NOT EASY REALIZING
YOU'RE ALONE IN THE WORLD.
WHAT'S THE BLOOD SPLATTER
TELLING YOU?
[cell phone vibrates]
JUST CLARIFYING
SOME DISCREPANCIES.
WELL, CLARIFY FAST.
HEY, I'M GONNA
WRAP THIS THING UP,
GET YOU TWO GUYS BACK
ON THE SKINNER CASE.
YEAH, YOU'RE PREACHING
TO THE CHOIR, SIR.
MORGAN, YOUR ASS IS--
THANK YOU.
I FUCKING NOTICED IT.
TA-DA!
COMP TICKETS
TO MY KEYNOTE ADDRESS
AT THE FORENSICS CONFERENCE.
NOT REALLY MY THING.
I'M FLEA-COMBING
MY DOG THAT NIGHT.
I'M SEEING
MY LITTLE GIRL THAT NIGHT.
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
THE DATE.
I GOTTA KEEP MY SCHEDULE
OPEN FOR HER.
ET TU,  DEX-TAY?
WOULDN'T MISS IT.
MASUKA.
HE'S CHOSEN THE ROLE
OF COURT JESTER.
NOW WE ONLY LIKE HIM
WHEN HE'S MAKING US LAUGH.
STILL, THERE'S SOMETHING
TO BE SAID
FOR BEING
A CHARACTER ACTOR.
THE LEAD PLAYERS
WITH ALL THOSE EMOTIONS,
MUST BE EXHAUSTING.
LOOKS LIKE THE SKETCH
THAT BURGLARY ALREADY HAS
ON THE BREAK-IN SUSPECT.
YOU COULDN'T GET
ANY MORE OUT OF HER?
OFFICER MORGAN,
THE WOMAN'S A WRECK.
SO...HE DIDN'T HAVE
ANY DISTINGUISHING MARKS,
ANY SCARS
OR TATTOOS?
UH, MAYBE.
UM, I DON'T REMEMBER.
HE RAN RIGHT BY YOU.
I WAS SURPRISED.
LET'S TAKE
A DEEP BREATH.
CLOSE YOUR EYES.
TRY TO PICTURE IT AGAIN.
IT'S SO HORRIBLE.
MY JACK JUST LYING THERE.
WHY IS THIS HAPPENING?
OKAY, LET'S NOT PICTURE IT
ANYMORE.
JACK'S NEVER COMING BACK.
LET'S FOCUS ON SOMETHING ELSE
RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
WE'LL JUST FOCUS
ON SOMETHING ELSE.
FIONA.
HI.
HOW ARE YOU HOLDING UP?
I'M NOT HELPING AT ALL.
WHO YOU KIDDING?
YOU'RE DOING GREAT.
YOU'RE A CHAMP.
I'M TRYING, BUT--
WHY DON'T WE TAKE A BREAK
FROM ALL THIS
AND WE'LL GO LOOK AT SOME
PICTURES TOGETHER, OKAY?
OKAY.
WE'LL BE IN INTERVIEW THREE
WITH THE MUG BOOKS.
I'LL SET IT UP.
THAT'S OKAY,
I GOT IT.
THEY SAY THIS PART
SHOULD PASS SOON.
THEY SAY I SHOULD GLOW.
AM I GLOWING?
YOU ARE TO ME.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I CALLED A GUEST A BITCH.
SOUNDED LIKE
AN ACCURATE DESCRIPTION.
I THINK I'M GONNA
TALK TO MY BOSS
AND ASK FOR MY JOB BACK.
REALLY? I ALWAYS GOT
THE IMPRESSION
YOU DIDN'T PARTICULARLY
LIKE THAT JOB.
IT'S A JOB.
NO ONE'S GONNA HIRE ME
KNOWING I HAVE TO GO
ON MATERNITY LEAVE.
PLUS I BARELY HAVE
ANY SAVINGS.
I'M PREGNANT.
NO HEALTH INSURANCE.
MY INSURANCE
WOULD COVER YOU.
RITA, IF WE GOT MARRIED
WE'D HAVE JOINT ASSETS.
YOU WOULDN'T HAVE TO WORRY.
AND LET'S NOT FORGET
ABOUT MARITAL DEDUCTIONS.
WITH ASTOR AND CODY
AS DEPENDANTS--
[retches]
NO, HUH?
UH-UH.
THAT'S ONE UGLY GUITAR.
UGLY?
PSSH.
A BEAT-UP GUITAR
LIKE THIS
SPEAKS TO THE EXPERIENCE
OF ITS OWNER.
THE MANY HARD ROADS
WE'VE TRAVELED TOGETHER.
SO YOU'VE HAD IT
A LONG TIME.
NO, A COUPLE OF WEEKS.
PICKED IT UP AT A PAWN SHOP
FOR 20 BUCKS.
GIVES ME A CERTAIN MYSTIQUE,
DOESN'T IT?
YOU ARE FULL OF SHIT.
SO WHAT DO YOU NEED,
OFFICER?
A STIFF DRINK
AFTER A SHIT DAY.
AND YOU CAME HERE?
FOR THE MARGARITAS,
TRUST ME.
ONE MARGARITA.
HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW QUINN?
HE HAVE SOMETHING TO DO
WITH YOUR DAY BEING SHIT?
MAYBE.
I'VE HEARD
STUFF ABOUT HIM.
AND HE COMES OFF
REALLY SLICK,
AND THEN HE TURNS AROUND
AND HE'S ALL SENSITIVE
AND CARING ABOUT PEOPLE.
WHAT'S HIS STORY,
IS HE A GOOD GUY OR A BAD GUY?
DOES IT HAVE TO BE
EITHER/OR?
IN MY WORLD, YEAH.
BUT I CAN'T FIGURE OUT
WHICH ONE HE DECIDED ON.
ALL I KNOW IS, UM,
QUINN HELPED ME OUT OF A JAM
WHEN I WAS IN TROUBLE.
THE MAN GAVE ME AN OPPORTUNITY,
AND I TOOK IT.
OKAY.
BESIDES, WITHOUT QUINN,
YOU WOULD HAVE NO C.I.,
AND I'D BE DRINKING ALONE.
I DOUBT THAT.
[both laugh]
[keys rattling in lock]
OH, YOU'RE A HUNGRY MAN.
AND YOU'RE
A BEAUTIFUL MEAL.
YOU, UH, YOU LOOKING
FOR ANYTHING SPECIAL TONIGHT?
YOUR EYES.
THEY'RE SOULFUL.
WELL, THE COMPLIMENTS
ARE FREE.
BUT AN HOUR OF MY TIME COSTS.
IT MIGHT BE MORE
THAN AN HOUR.
TAKE A PASS,
SERGEANT.
TONIGHT, FOR A COUPLE
OF HOURS ANYWAY,
I'M NOT A--
TONIGHT, ALL NIGHT,
I AM.
SHIT, THIS IS A STING.
JUST SHUT UP
AND GO WITH THIS.
YOU GOD DAMN DEADBEAT.
YOU COME UP TO MY ROOM
AND YOU AIN'T GOT NO CASH!
WELL, NOBODY SEES JAZMIN
THAT AIN'T GOT NO CASH.
YOU WASTED MY TIME,
YOU MOTHERFUCKER.
(Miguel)
WOW, SO SHE THREW UP?
YEP.
HER ANSWER APPARENTLY.
NOT REALLY THE RESPONSE
YOU WANT TO HEAR
TO A MARRIAGE PROPOSAL.
YEAH, HENCE MY CALL TO YOU.
AND THE BRIBE
OF A BEER.
YOU'VE OBVIOUSLY HAD
ONE SUCCESSFUL PROPOSAL.
TELL ME YOUR SECRET,
OH WISE ONE.
WELL, WHATEVER YOU DO,
DON'T SUGGEST ELOPING
BECAUSE A WEDDING CONFLICTS
WITH A BIG CASE
YOU'VE GOT COMING UP.
YOU DID THAT?
IT WENT OVER ABOUT AS WELL
AS YOURS DID.
I'M NOT THE ONLY
HOPELESS ONE.
YOU AND ME, BUDDY,
MAKING THE WOMEN
OF AMERICA SICK.
I DID EVENTUALLY
FIGURE OUT
THAT WOMEN TEND TO LEAD
WITH THEIR HEARTS.
SO YOU MIGHT TRY
LEADING WITH YOURS.
IS THAT THE ONLY OPTION?
ONLY ONE THAT WORKS,
HERMANO.
OH, SPEAKING OF HERMANOS,
I RAN INTO RAMON
LAST NIGHT.
I HEARD.
ACTUALLY, I GOT AN EARFUL.
SORRY.
I TRIED TO REACH OUT TO HIM,
MAKE A CONNECTION.
I THINK I JUST
UPSET HIM MORE.
IT'S OKAY.
IT LED TO
A REALLY GOOD TALK.
TALK?
I DIDN'T TELL HIM, DEXTER.
I KEEP MY PROMISES.
BUT WHEN AND IF YOU EVER
FEEL COMFORTABLE TELLING HIM,
I'M JUST SAYING
I THINK RAMON'S READY.
MIGUEL KEEPS TRYING
TO CAST RAMON
IN THE ROLE
OF MISUNDERSTOOD GOOD GUY.
PERSONALLY, I THINK HE MAKES
A MUCH BETTER BAD GUY.
I JUST HAVE
TO CONVINCE MIGUEL.
A DONUT AND A TICKET
TO HEAR ME SPEAK?
I'LL TAKE A DONUT.
YOU ALREADY GOT A TICKET.
YOU'RE BRIBING PEOPLE TO COME
TO YOUR KEYNOTE ADDRESS?
THE WHOLE DONUT THING
WORKS FOR YOU, DOESN'T IT?
THE BLIND LEADING THE BLIND.
DONUT AND A TICKET?
JUST FUCKING TAKE ONE.
HEY.
SOMETHING UP, LEW?
YOU REMEMBER
THAT STATEMENT YOU TOOK
FROM THE CHICKY HINES ALIBI?
YOU WANT ME
TO RECITE IT BY HEART?
SO YOU BUY IT?
EVEN THOUGH THE ALIBI
COMES FROM SOMEBODY
TRYING TO BEAT A DRUG RAP?
IT'S SOLID.
[sighs]
IS THE A.D.A.
STILL SITTING ON IT.
MM-HMM.
WELL, THEN YOU DID
ALL YOU COULD.
MAYBE.
HELL MUSTA FROZE OVER
'CAUSE COPS WON'T EAT
DONUTS ANYMORE.
WELL, MAYBE THE PRICE
IS A LITTLE TOO HIGH.
OH, PLEASE.
WELL, WHY WOULDN'T THEY
WANT TO SUPPORT
A VALUABLE COLLEAGUE
DURING HIS SHINING MOMENT?
YOU WANT AN HONEST ANSWER
TO THAT?
IT WAS RHETORICAL.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, TELL ME.
YOU'RE, LIKE, THE FOULEST
PERSON I'VE EVER MET.
EVERY LINE
OUT OF YOUR MOUTH
IS A SICK JOKE.
I'M FUNNY.
YEAH, YOU CAN BE.
YOU CAN ALSO BE
COMPLETELY REVOLTING.
AND SOMETIMES
THAT'S ALL PEOPLE SEE.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
YOU'RE THE FUCKING NEW GUY.
HEY, DR. PHIL, YOUR GIRLFRIEND'S
COMING IN AGAIN
TO LOOK AT
MORE MUG BOOKS, SO...
HI THERE, DEB.
HELP YOURSELF.
I SAVED YOU ONE
WITH THE CREAM FILLING.
UGH, FREAK.
SERGEANT BATISTA.
IT'S YOU.
WITH CLOTHES.
I MEAN, DIFFERENT CLOTHES.
YEAH, I'M DETECTIVE
BARBARA GIANNA, METRO VICE.
CAN WE TALK?
YEAH.
LOOK, THIS DEPARTMENT
HAS HAD A LOT OF SHIT
DUMPED ON IT
WITH THE BAY HARBOR BUTCHER.
AND NOW YOU, A SERGEANT,
ARE LOOKING TO MAKE THE NEWS
GETTING BUSTED WITH HOOKERS.
NOW, I TURN YOU IN NOW,
I SAVE THIS DEPARTMENT
WORSE LATER.
'CAUSE GUYS LIKE YOU
NEVER LEARN.
HEY, LOOK,
MAYBE I'M AN ASSHOLE, BUT--
DO NOT...
INSULT ME BY SAYING
THIS IS YOUR FIRST TIME.
OKAY, 'CAUSE I HEAR
THIS SAME HORSESHIT SOB STORY
FROM EVERY JOHN I BUST.
DOES ANY PART OF YOU
THINK THAT ANY PART OF ME
IS PROUD OF WHAT I'VE DONE?
NO PART OF ME REALLY CARES.
IT'S JUST THAT...
I DESTROYED MY MARRIAGE.
I LOST MY LITTLE GIRL.
I'M A DIVORCED COP
HALFWAY DOWN THE ROAD
TO A FULL-BLOWN CLICHE:
A DIVORCED, ALCOHOLIC COP.
AND I NEEDED TO FIGHT THAT...
LONELINESS.
SO I FOUND AFFECTION
ANY WAY I COULD.
I MEAN, HOOKERS?
I NEEDED TO CONNECT
WITH SOMEONE,
ANYONE,
WHO WOULDN'T
HURT ME BACK NO MORE.
THAT'S IT.
NOT SPECIAL.
JUST TRUE.
I HATE ANYONE
WHO DISGRACES THE BADGE.
I HATE LIARS WORSE.
I'M NOT LYING.
I KNOW.
ARE WE GOOD?
YOU KEEP YOUR DICK
IN YOUR PANTS
UNLESS YOU'RE,
"A," PLAYING WITH YOURSELF
OR, "B," YOU ARE DOING
SOMETHING CONSENSUAL AND LEGAL.
THEN WE'RE GOOD.
RAMON, WHAT ARE YOU--
ANY PROGRESS ON FINDING
OSCAR'S KILLER?
WE'RE LIAISING
WITH THE FEDS
IN CASE HE WENT
OVER THE BORDER.
BUT WHAT IF HE'S RIGHT HERE
IN OUR OWN BACKYARD?
IT'S AN ONGOING CONCERN,
RAMON.
BUT NOT A PRIORITY,
RIGHT?
HEY.
LOWER YOUR VOICE.
IS THERE A PROBLEM HERE?
YEAH, SERGEANT,
YOUR PEOPLE DON'T KNOW
WHAT THE FUCK THEY'RE DOING.
HEY, THAT CREDIT YOU GET
FOR BEING A COP,
IT HAS A LIMIT.
SO YOU DO
HAVE A GAME PLAN.
'CAUSE IT DOESN'T SEEM
TO INVOLVE LISTENING
TO SOLID LEADS.
EVERY LEAD
HAS BEEN FOLLOWED.
THEN WHY AM I GETTING CALLS
FROM A GUY
WHO SAYS HE SAW FREEBO
IN MIAMI?
I'LL TELL YOU WHY,
BECAUSE YOU IGNORED HIM.
HE CALLED YOU FOUR TIMES.
NEVER HAPPENED.
OKAY.
[speaking Spanish]
RAMON, YOU GIVE ME
THIS TIPSTER'S NAME,
I WILL PERSONALLY
FOLLOW THROUGH.
THE MOTHERFUCKER
WAS ANONYMOUS, MARIA.
OH, DID I FORGET
TO LEAVE MY NAME?
SORRY.
BUT HE KNEW THINGS
ABOUT THIS CASE.
LIKE FREEBO HAD
A GIRLFRIEND, TEEGAN.
A LOT OF PEOPLE
KNOW THAT, SIR.
I PASSED HER PHOTO
ALL OVER TOWN.
MAYBE THE TIPSTER
WANTED REWARD MONEY.
YOU CAN FIND EXCUSES,
OR YOU CAN GET OFF YOUR ASSES
AND TRY FINDING
MY BROTHER'S KILLER.
OKAY, RAMON,
YOU NEED TO LEAVE NOW!
JUST DO YOUR FUCKING JOB.
YOU WANNA GIVE HIS BROTHER
THE HEADS-UP?
YOU DO IT.
I'M A LITTLE TIRED
OF THE PRADO FAMILY RIGHT NOW.
[sighs]
THAT WAS EASIER
THAN I THOUGHT.
MIGUEL WON'T BE HAPPY TO HEAR
RAMON'S THROWING TANTRUMS
WITH FELLOW LAW ENFORCEMENT.
NOT THAT I'LL RELY
ON THAT ALONE.
THE STAKES ARE TOO HIGH.
AND I'M ON A ROLL.
MAYBE I SHOULD CALL RITA
WITH AN ANONYMOUS TIP
TO MARRY ME.
OH, WHAT THE FUCK, DEX?
GOOD, YOU'RE HERE.
PUT THIS ON.
I DON'T NEED
A GIANT CONDOM.
I NEED YOUR SPATTER REPORT
ON JACK RICE.
I'M WORKING ON IT.
JUST PUT ON THE SUIT
AND THE GLOVES
AND THE MASK, PLEASE.
FINE.
THE SOONER I'M DONE
WITH THE WEEPING FIANCEE,
THE BETTER OFF I'LL BE.
RAW EMOTION.
NOT YOUR FORTE, HUH?
WHAT THE HELL
IS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
HEY, IT'S NOT MINE EITHER.
IT'S EASY AS HELL
FOR QUINN.
THINK HE'S JUST
NICER THAN ME?
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT NICER.
ALTHOUGH STUDIES SHOW
THAT EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE
PLAYS A GREATER ROLE
IN INDIVIDUAL SUCCESS
THAN ANYTHING
THAT CAN BE MEASURED
ON A STANDARD I.Q. TEST.
COME HERE.
STAND RIGHT HERE
AND BASH THIS FOR ME,
WILL YA?
ARE YOU CALLING ME
AN EMOTIONAL IDIOT?
IF YOU'RE AN IDIOT,
I'M A VEGETABLE.
WELL, THAT'S FOR FUCKING SURE.
FUCKIN'-A, DEX!
[chuckles]
SORRY.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
FIONA HAS HER FACTS WRONG.
SHE DESCRIBED THE ASSAILANT
AS SIX-FOOT.
BUT CALCULATING
JACK RICE'S HEIGHT,
ALLOWING FOR
THE UPWARD ANGLE--
LAYMAN HERE.
WELL, YOUR BODY
ACTS AS A SHIELD.
AND ALL OF THIS IS WHAT
YOUR BODY DOESN'T BLOCK.
SO THE KILLER STUNS
THE VICTIM WITH THE FIRST BLOW.
HE FALLS TO HIS KNEES.
THE SECOND BLOW
BRINGS US BLOOD.
IF THE KILLER
WAS SIX-FOOT,
THE SPATTER SHADOW
AT THE CRIME SCENE
WOULD BE TALLER
AND WIDER.
INSTEAD,
IT'S AN EXACT MATCH
FOR YOUR SHADOW.
ERGO, RICE'S KILLER
WAS APPROXIMATELY
YOUR HEIGHT AND WEIGHT.
YOU MEAN FUCKING WEEP-BAG
FIONA'S HEIGHT AND WEIGHT?
NO, I MEAN--
I MISSED THAT.
INTERESTING.
YOU AND JACK
PLANNING A BIG WEDDING?
YEAH.
JACK HAD A LOT
OF FRIENDS, YEAH.
YOU KNOW,
THE THING IS, I WENT THROUGH
HIS ADDRESS BOOK
AND I CALLED
A LOT OF PEOPLE,
AND NONE OF THEM
HAVE EVER HEARD OF YOU.
WELL, WE LIKE TO KEEP
TO OURSELVES, YOU KNOW?
WHEN WAS THAT TAKEN?
IT WAS RIGHT AFTER WE MET.
DID HE GET A CHANCE TO SEE IT
BEFORE YOU KILLED HIM?
WHAT?
UH, WH-WHAT IS SHE
TALKING ABOUT?
I DON'T--
IT'S PHOTO-SHOPPED, FIONA.
IT'S REALLY GOOD WORK, THOUGH.
REALLY GOOD.
DID YOU DO IT YOURSELF?
GOD, NO.
SEE, I'M THINKING MAYBE
YOU BROKE INTO HIS APARTMENT
TO LEAVE THAT
AS A SURPRISE.
HE COMES HOME,
TRIES TO THROW YOUR ASS OUT,
AND YOU KILL HIM.
NO, I WOULD NEVER
HURT JACK.
WE WERE GETTING MARRIED.
YOU HEARD ABOUT
THE BREAK-IN ON TV,
THEN YOU CREATE THE SAME SKETCH
THAT THEY SHOW ON TV,
THE SAME CROWBAR
IN THE BACK DOOR.
YOU BASH YOUR OWN
FUCKING KNEE IN!
DID HE EVER EVEN
TALK TO YOU, FIONA?
DID HE EVER
EVEN SAY MORE THAN
"ONE FUCKING
COFFEE TO GO"?!
THAT'S IT.
THIS IS OVER.
[sniffles]
I'M SORRY?
WAIT OUTSIDE, OFFICER.
I'LL TAKE IT FROM HERE.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
UH-UH.
I KNOW
HOW IT REALLY WAS
BETWEEN YOU AND JACK.
I KNOW.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
IT'S SAFE.
IT'S JUST ME AND YOU.
CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS SHIT?
IT'S AMAZING.
SHE'S SO CONVINCING.
I'M TALKING ABOUT HIM.
I'M GONNA KICK
HIS CADILLAC-DRIVING ASS.
BEFORE JACK,
MY LIFE WAS
AN UNANSWERED QUESTION.
UNANSWERED QUESTION.
DAYS AND NIGHTS
SPENT LOOKING FOR SOMETHING.
QUINN PLAYED ME
LIKE A FUCKING $20 GUITAR.
SHH.
THE FIRST TIME
HE CAME INTO THE CAFE,
I--I FELT HIM.
WE WERE CONNECTED,
YOU KNOW?
EVERYWHERE I WENT,
HE WAS WITH ME.
JACK MADE ME REAL.
MADE ME REAL.
SHE BELIEVES IT...
DOWN TO HER CORE.
IT'S NOT AN ACT.
THE ONLY ACTOR
IN THAT ROOM IS QUINN.
[cell phone vibrating]
IF FIONA
CAN BE THIS CONVINCING
ABOUT SOMEONE
SHE DIDN'T EVEN KNOW,
I SHOULD BE ABLE
TO CONVINCE RITA...
AND OTHERS.
ELLEN.
HELLO?
ELLEN?
MMM.
THANK CHRIST
YOU FOUND THE PLACE.
I COULDN'T HAVE WAITED
MUCH LONGER.
A CLIENT JUST SENT ME THESE.
WITHOUT A RESPONSIBLE ADULT
TO SHARE THEM WITH
OR SHAME ME,
I WOULD EAT THEM ALL.
I WOULD.
TRY THAT ONE.
UH-UH.
SERIOUSLY,
GANACHE FROSTING.
OH, WHAT THE HELL?
SO I'M GUESSING YOU WANTED
TO MEET FOR REASONS
OTHER THAN WORKING UP A CASE
OF TYPE 2 DIABETES.
THE CHICKY HINES CONVICTION.
YEAH.
NOT THE JUSTICE SYSTEM'S
FINEST HOUR.
MY PEOPLE
HAVE COME ACROSS EVIDENCE
THAT COULD GET
THE CASE REOPENED.
I LIKE THE SOUND
OF THE QUID.
WHAT'S THE PRO QUO?
NADA.
WITNESS STATEMENT
GIVING HINES AN ALIBI,
ANOTHER SUSPECT.
ALL OF WHICH CHECKS OUT.
OHH.
TWO-PLUS DECADES
DOING THIS JOB,
AND A COP'S
NEVER ONCE HANDED ME
A GET-OUT-OF-JAIL CARD.
ESPECIALLY WHEN
THAT COP'S GOT A HISTORY
WITH THE A.D.A.
WHO PUT MY GUY AWAY.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT
MIGUEL PRADO.
IT'S ABOUT DOING
WHAT'S RIGHT.
WELL, I'LL TAKE "YES"
FOR AN ANSWER THEN.
PRADO KNOW YOU'RE
COMING TO ME WITH THIS?
GUESS HE'LL FIND OUT.
[both chuckle]
WELL, YOU BETTER
BE WEARING OLD CLOTHES,
BECAUSE THE SHIT
IS GONNA BE FLYING
IN YOUR DIRECTION.
HMM.
HMM?
WHOA.
CUPCAKES AND SCOTCH.
YES.
COME ON.
TWO FINGERS.
AH.
[in southern accent]
YEAH, I'M TELLIN' YOU,
I SAW FREEBO AGAIN.
NO, MAN,
I'M NOT COMIN' IN.
FINE, I'LL MEET YOU.
YOU GOT A FAVORITE BAR?
YEAH, I KNOW IT.
ORDER ME A RUM AND COKE.
I'LL BE THERE IN TEN.
YOU CAN LEAD A HORSE TO WATER,
BUT YOU CAN'T MA HIM DRINK,
UNLESS YOU ORDER HIS FAVORITE
AND KEEP HIM WAITING.
AND WAITING.
HEY.
SO THE NUT JOB WENT.
SHE SAID SHE CAVED
HIS HEAD IN
TO PRESERVE THEIR LOVE.
GOOD WORK.
HOW 'BOUT
I BUY YOU A DRINK?
YOU KISS MY ASS?
NEXT TIME YOU'RE PLAYING
GOOD COP/BAD COP,
YOU FUCKING LET ME KNOW
I'M PLAYING TOO.
I'M SORRY ABOUT THAT.
YOU'RE SORRY?
WHEN'D YOU FIGURE OUT
SHE DID IT?
I HAD A HUNCH
FROM THE BEGINNING.
BUT I WASN'T SURE
UNTIL YOU WERE.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?
'CAUSE YOU'D HAVE BLOWN IT.
SO FUCK YOU.
MORGAN, YOU GOT ONE TOOL
IN YOUR TOOLBOX.
AND THAT'S A HAMMER.
YOU CAN'T HELP YOURSELF.
SO I PLAYED OFF IT,
AND IT WORKED.
YOU JUST DON'T HAVE
A POKER FACE YET.
MAYBE YOURS
IS A LITTLE TOO GOOD.
DON'T YOU HAVE A LIFE?
[scoffs]
NOT LATELY.
WHEW.
I NEEDED TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT RAMON.
YEAH, I HEARD
HE MADE A SCENE.
SORRY.
ACTUALLY,
IT WAS AN EYE-OPENER.
MADE ME REALIZE
YOU WERE RIGHT.
ABOUT?
TELLING HIM...
ABOUT FREEBO.
HE'S PUTTING
HIS CAREER AT RISK.
AND IT COULD HURT
YOUR REPUTATION.
I'M NOT GONNA BE
RESPONSIBLE FOR THAT.
DON'T WORRY.
RAMON WILL ALWAYS
PUT FAMILY FIRST.
WE WORKED TOO HARD
TO GET TO WHERE WE ARE.
HE WOULD NEVER
JEOPARDIZE THAT.
AND WE CAN TRUST HIM?
HE'S IN A LOT OF PAIN.
WHICH WE CAN END.
TONIGHT.
DEX--
PLEASE.
JUST CALL HIM.
HEY, RAMON,
WHAT ARE YOU UP TO?
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
HOLD ON.
WHY DON'T YOU
JUST GET THE BARTENDER
TO CALL YOU A TAXI,
OR I'LL--
NAH, FUCK YOU, MIGUEL.
THE MOTHERFUCKING BARTENDER
WON'T EVEN GIVE ME--
FUCK.
[overlapping chatter]
HAVING A BIG NIGHT,
HUH?
WHAT I'M HAVING
IS ANOTHER DRINK,
BUT THIS PRICK
IS TRYING TO CUT ME OFF.
OH, AND YOU'RE HERE.
BOYS' NIGHT OUT.
SO WHY DON'T WE JUST
ALL GO BACK TO MY PLACE?
WE CAN HAVE SYL
MAKE A LITTLE COFFEE--
I'M NOT GOING
TO YOUR PLACE.
I'M NOT GONNA LET SARA
AND THE KIDS SEE YOU LIKE THIS.
LIKE YOU'RE SOME KIND
OF EXAMPLE IN THIS FAMILY?
TURNING YOUR BACK
ON OSCARITO!
THIS IS NOT THE PLACE.
NOW, YOU KNOW THAT.
TELL ME SOMETHING.
WHY ARE YOU
RUNNING YOUR MOUTH
ABOUT FAMILY BUSINESS
TO A GOD DAMN STRANGER?
DEXTER IS NOT
THE PROBLEM HERE, RAMON.
NOW, COME ON, PLEASE.
THE TWO OF YOU COMING IN HERE
LIKE SOME FUCKING KIND
OF BATMAN AND ROBIN.
WHOA.
KEEP YOUR FUCKING HANDS
OFF OF ME, PENDEJO.
I'M SORRY, DEXTER.
I GOT THIS.
YOU SURE?
HE SAID FUCK OFF.
I'M GONNA GET
ANOTHER DRINK.
HEY, THAT GUY OVER THERE,
THE DRUNK ONE,
HE JUST PUT HIS HAND
ON THAT GIRL.
SHE'S PRETTY UPSET,
AND I THINK I SAW A GUN.
(Dexter)
I TAKE NO PLEASURE
IN MANIPULATING MIGUEL
THIS WAY.
STILL,
I THINK HE'D PREFER IT
TO MY USUAL ALTERNATIVE.
HEY.
YOU DIDN'T RETURN
MY LAST TEXT.
WELL, I GUESS
I RAN OUT OF WAYS TO SAY
I WON'T BE
YOUR FUCKIN' RAT.
HEARD YOU AND QUINN
HAD A TRICKY CASE.
I JUST FILED THE REPORT.
YEAH, I JUST RD IT.
ACCORDING TO THE REPORT,
QUINN CRACKED THE CASE
MOSTLY ON HIS OWN,
AND I'M WONDERING WHY SOMEONE
HOPING TO GET HER SHIELD
WOULD LET HIM
WRITE IT UP THAT WAY.
I WROTE THE GOD DAMN REPORT.
NOT HIM.
HE GOT THE CONFESSION,
SO IT'S HIS WIN.
UNLESS HE USED YOU.
YOU SEE,
HE'S GOOD AT THAT.
YOU PARTNER WITH HIM,
YOU TRUST HIM,
AND THEN SOONER OR LATER
YOU'RE QUESTIONING YOURSELF.
I MEAN,
HE'S SUCH A GREAT GUY.
IT CAN'T BE HIM.
EXCEPT THE ONLY QUESTION
HE'S ASKING
IS HOW EVERYTHING
CAN BENEFIT HIM.
[engine starts]
HE BREAKFAST.
THANKS FOR COMING.
WE USED TO PLAY
ON THIS BEACH RIGHT HERE.
ME, RAMON, OSCAR.
SOUNDS FUN.
AH, WE HAD EACH OTHER.
ALWAYS HAVE.
NO MATTER WHAT KIND
OF HORRIBLE SHIT YOU WOULD PULL,
THEY KNEW YOU
INSIDE OUT,
THE GOOD
AND THE BAD.
AND THEY WERE THERE FOR YOU,
NO MATTER WHAT.
I NEVER HAD THAT.
MAYBE YOU'RE LUCKY
YOU DON'T HAVE IT TO LOSE.
YOU WON'T BE LEFT
WITH A GAPING HOLE.
NO, THERE'S STILL HOLES.
I JUST FIND
OTHER WAYS TO FILL THEM.
I LOST OSCAR TO DRUGS
LONG BEFORE HE WAS KILLED.
AND NOW I'M LOSING RAMON.
I CAN'T FOOL MYSELF.
HE CAN'T BE TRUSTED.
IT'S LIKE...
[speaks Spanish]
I ONLY HAVE ONE PERSON
I CAN TRUST ANYMORE.
YOURSELF.
[scoffs]
I WAS THINKING OF YOU.
OH.
OH, DON'T WORRY.
I KNOW THAT TRUST DOESN'T
COME TOO EASY TO YOU.
IS IT THAT OBVIOUS?
WELL, TO ME.
I CAN JUST SEE
THAT YOU'RE USED
TO CARRYING YOUR SECRETS
TO YOURSELF.
[chuckles]
TENDS TO BE SAFER THAT WAY.
BUT IT'S A HELL
OF A BURDEN, MAN.
SEE, I'M USED
TO HAVING A BROTHER.
SHARE THE LOAD.
I'M HOPING MAYBE YOU'LL
GET USED TO IT TOO.
(Dexter)
TO BE A BROTHER.
TO HAVE A FRIEND.
TO HAVE A WIFE,
A FAMILY.
FIONA WANTED IT SO BAD
SHE INVENTED IT,
PLAYED ALL THE PARTS HERSELF.
BUT IF YOU PLAY
A ROLE LONG ENOUGH,
REALLY COMMIT,
DOES IT EVER BECOME REAL?
COULD I BECOME REAL?
HI, DEXTER.
DEXTER?
THIS IS A SURPRISE.
YOU DIDN'T CALL.
IS EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
DEXTER, WHAT IS IT?
MY LIFE
HAS ALWAYS FELT LIKE...
AN UNANSWERED QUESTION.
A STRING
OF DAYS AND NIGHTS,
WAITING FOR SOMETHING
TO HAPPEN, BUT...
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT.
[whispering]
WHY IS HE ACTING SO WEIRD?
I DON'T KNOW.
RITA, WE'RE CONNECTED.
WHEREVER I AM,
I FEEL YOU...
AND THE KIDS...
WITH ME.
YOU'RE WHAT MAKES ME REAL.
[voice catches]
I WANT US TO...
ALWAYS GO OUT
FOR BANANA SPLITS.
AND REPLANT THE LEMON TREE
THAT KEEPS DYING.
AND I NEVER, EVER
WANT TO MISS A PIZZA NIGHT.
[tearful laugh]
AND THAT'S HOW I KNOW
I WANT TO MARRY YOU.
BECAUSE SOMETHING
AS SIMPLE AS PIZZA NIGHT
IS THE HIGHLIGHT OF MY WEEK.
BUT NOT WITHOUT THE KIDS.
CODY, ASTOR,
YOU GUYS ARE MY FAMILY.
I'M GONNA HANG ON TO YOU
FOR DEAR LIFE.
PLEASE, SAY YES.
[tearful laugh]
YES!
YES, WE WILL MARRY YOU.
MOST ACTORS
TOIL IN OBSCURITY,
NEVER STEPPING
INTO THE SPOTLIGHT.
BUT IF YOU HONE YOUR CRAFT,
WORK DILIGENTLY,
YOU MIGHT
JUST FIND YOURSELF
CAST IN THE ROLE
OF A LIFETIME.
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com